Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
The platters more to the left.
No. those flowers off to the side.
Yes. ma'am.
Um…
Mrs. Wilson? I--
There is another batch in the oven.
The girls will need something warm
after a fortnight in a carriage.
Precisely. Thank you. Mrs. Wilson.
Very well. then.
I need scones and the napkins--
Scones are just out.
and napkins are pressed and ready for you.
Our Princess Hyacinth has risen.
I noticed a bootprint in the entry hall.
Dammit!
Ma'am.
They're here.
Welcome home. Miss Bridgerton.
Good day. John.
Oh. it is good to be home.
Have you forgotten Scotland so quickly?
I am sure
we all miss Kilmartin Castle greatly.
Oh.
Though I am glad to be home as well.
- Is that Daddy?
- Yeah.
Oh. thank you.
That's perfect. just like you.
Are you not perfect. Elliott?
Just like his mother.
Aww…
Come here.
I shall hold Lord Featherington.
We do not want anyone spilling tea
on the heir to our great name.
And there you are!
You have returned
just in time to break our fast.
Oh. Penelope. I have missed you.
Oh. El! Oh… how was Scotland?
There are not nearly enough people
in Scotland. Pen.
I had to take to talking to sheep.
Could you not just eat his cheeks?
They're sweet as long as you are not
the one who has to look after them
and mind their cries.
I. for one. am glad
the viscountess had her baby in India.
Mrs. Wilson!
I cannot wait to meet
the little heir when they return.
We have certainly needed more boys.
It's getting rather girlish around here
with Gregory off at Eton.
As if you mind.
I would not count on Miss Bridgerton
to have young men around.
but if Miss Hyacinth has her way.
she shall make her debut any day now.
Mama finally let me lower my hems.
Did she?
Say hello. "Auntie Eloise. hi!"
Hello.
Is everything well. ma'am?
Oh. everything is perfect.
It should be perfect.
It would be perfect if--
Where is Benedict?
Please. fetch my carriage.
Of course.
Stop! Whoa!
Lady Bridgerton. are you sure
you wouldn't prefer for me to fetch him?
You've had to fetch him for me
one too many times these last months.
Perhaps if he is awakened
from his inebriated slumber
by the face of his mother.
he will learn to be on time for once.
- Lady Bridgerton.
- I require an audience with my son.
Unfortunately. the room is
in a state of disarray. ma'am.
Perhaps we should send a maid in first.
I assure you. I have often witnessed
Benedict's disarray.
Move!
On second thought. do fetch a maid.
Or two.
Benedict Bridgerton!
Oh. my word!
- Where is your chaperone. young lady?
- Mother? How are you here?
Good Lord. Hatch. draw back the curtains.
It is time for my son to wake up.
No. please do not.
Ugh. that is so bright.
- Dear God.
- Who are you?
- I am…
- We really should not…
No. it does not signify who I am.
because I am leaving.
- Mother!
- That is your mother?
- Mm-hm.
- We shall have a discussion later. John?
Come on. boy!
A letter from the solicitor asking
if you should like to continue
the family's investment in copper.
I remember the viscount
was quite insistent
it was a wise investment.
Very well. then.
Letters from the tenants.
Mr. Boyle writes to ask for a loan
to reinforce his cattle fence.
- Of course.
- Are you certain. Mr. Bridgerton?
The viscount would not usually grant
such a request until the finances
for the tenants are on secure footing.
I shall be…
elsewhere.
Mother.
I apologize.
For what?
For constantly missing family events
or turning up late?
Usually smelling of liquor?
Taking advantage of my forgiving nature?
Or for debauching yourself
so much so this summer
that apparently you have ended up
with not one but two mistresses.
What happens if one
of these mistresses gets with child?
They are not my mistresses.
- They are simply acquaintances.
- That is even worse!
Mother. I am careful.
The fact that you find this
a laughing matter.
You still have two sisters who must marry.
and their fate depends
on the family reputation.
Do you not even consider it?
Anthony must consider it.
Anthony is the viscount.
His reputation secures
the Bridgerton name.
I am merely a second son.
Who also must marry someday.
Who will need to seek approval
of the father of an eligible young lady.
Which requires you
to be a gentleman and not a…
- A rake.
- Language. Mother.
You will make yourself unwell
if you carry on as you have.
My health is my concern.
and you needn't worry about my reputation.
- It is unlikely I will ever marry.
- Benedict Bridgerton!
I am only saying the eligible ladies
of the ton. many of them are lovely.
but they all have
the same dream of marriage.
They display no true animation.
no zest for life. no personality.
I am charting a more venturesome course
outside good society.
In doing so. I am being true to myself.
Is not that the point?
Should not that be enough for you?
Please.
No. absolutely not. You simply
have not met the right young lady yet.
And you never will
if you don't settle down and join society.
- Enough is enough.
- Mother!
Enough. Benedict!
You wish to be true to yourself.
then be who you are.
a member of this family.
All the eyes of the ton
will be on us hosting the first ball.
So. please. do not humiliate me.
And. um… be on time.
Where is she?
You have only just sent for her.
Your Majesty.
Have you yet decided whether
you will attend Lady Bridgerton's ball?
It is a masquerade.
I have no interest in dressing
as someone other than myself.
How long does it take
for one to arrive at the palace?
She is late.
Well…
…your presence would mean
a great deal to Lady Bridgerton
in confirming her as the new hostess
of the season's first ball.
Why is Lady Bridgerton hosting
the first ball instead of you?
Well…
Lady Whistledown. Your Majesty.
Your Majesty.
Mrs. Bridgerton. you are late.
- You have only just sent for me.
- Late!
My deepest apologies.
Well.
we begin another season.
this time as great friends.
And it shall stay that way
as long as you bring me great gossip.
I shall certainly try.
Very well.
I should like a foretaste before
your first issue is distributed today.
I…
Of course. Your Majesty.
Tomorrow night.
the social season shall begin.
but things might look a little different--
No. Mrs. Bridgerton.
You must begin how it begins.
the proper way.
Oh.
Yes. Your Majesty.
Dearest Gentle Reader…
Dearest Gentle Reader.
tomorrow night. the social season begins.
but it might look a little different
from what our fair ton has come to expect.
Because tomorrow night
is Lady Bridgerton's masquerade ball.
an event sure to transport
its guests into fantasy.
And the Luton footman told me
that Lord Harley has a weekly rendezvous
with Lady Luton every Friday.
Oh. the Queen will relish that.
And if I print it.
Lady Luton's daughters will be ruined.
Am I interrupting?
No. not at all.
My dear son.
How was the Queen?
Terrifying.
She made me recite my column from memory.
I'm certain you were superb.
Now. can I help you take your mind off
Whistledown for a little while?
That is most kind of you.
we are free to be anyone we so choose…
I'm feeling rather powerful tonight.
Perhaps I shall go dressed
as the Duke of Wellington tomorrow.
Well then. I shall have to overpower you
and go dressed as the Queen.
Which queen could possibly
overpower our great war hero?
Perhaps Queen Margaret.
the one who said. "Off with his head."
…and free to make
the acquaintance of anyone we so desire.
All that is certain
is that a masquerade
is like no other event.
Prepare yourself. gentle reader…
for anything can happen.
Port?
Louis.
Hmm. You look well.
Of course I do.
As do you.
Mm-mm. I cannot tonight.
Of course.
You are meant to attend some sort
of shocking society event. surely?
- My mother's shocking society event.
- Ah.
I've only come for a dose
of merriment to sustain me.
I cannot stay long.
Well. I do not need you for a long time.
And much merriment can be had
in a rather short time.
Those bouquets…
Upstairs. flanking the musicians.
The navy linens on the small tables and--
Oh dear.
Where the devil is that going?
On the dessert table by the door.
The one I told you
not to put so close to the…
Why have the dance cards
not been laid out upstairs?
We decided not to bring them up.
We thought the point
of the evening was concealment.
The point of the evening
is to try to hide one's identity
by costume or mask.
Not that many succeed.
but they still must dance.
- But Mrs. Wilson…
- They will write down their costume names.
Will they stay masked all evening?
Until the clock strikes midnight.
Sounds thrilling.
Thrilling for them.
Chaos for us.
I can do this. I can do this.
Gate!
We have arrived. my lady.
There is a large group arriving.
Just conceal yourself behind them.
And just be out by midnight.
My lady.
My lady?
Yes.
Forgive me.
I came in with that rather large group.
Of course.
I am certain we have given them
their dance cards as well.
Oh.
Yes. of course.
Would you like me to tie it on.
instead of your chaperone?
Oh. no.
I have lost them.
There are many. but I will…
Thank you.
Is this what a ball is like?
I did not expect so many shoulders.
How many balls exactly
do we attend this season?
I think I shall like society.
Young ladies are not meant
to ramble on. Posy.
Glorious.
Thank you so much for coming.
And please. enjoy yourselves.
Violet Bridgerton.
This is a very fine party.
- Lady Danbury.
- Hmm.
- Are you certain you have no regrets?
- Not one bit.
Hosting the first ball of the season
has always meant a great deal to me.
but I am looking forward to stepping back.
- Mm-hm.
- Who is missing?
Benedict.
It seems he is late again.
Ah.
Ladies.
- Are we…?
- You are matching.
Who exactly do you think you are?
I am Zeus.
- Are you Hera?
- I most certainly am not.
I… am Zeus.
Perhaps the Greek gods
would still be in charge up there
if Zeus had been a woman.
I think we look rather good.
I could not agree more.
Mm. this will be an amusing night.
Indeed.
Though. if you see any vipers.
let us make haste for home.
Are those Bridgertons
I see behind those masks?
Pardon me.
I unfortunately must find my son.
Benedict.
Her Royal Highness. the Queen.
Bring her to me.
Your Majesty.
Oh. well done.
Bridgertons. where might I locate
the Honorable Mrs. Colin Bridgerton?
Mrs. Bridgerton. I am here.
It is so generous of you to grace us
with your presence tonight. Your Majesty.
Well?
Your Majesty.
the season has only just begun.
But I am… sure we will find a debutante
or two tonight for you to champion.
I tire of debutantes.
They have been so unreliable in the past.
Let us turn our attention this year
instead to offering up a leading suitor
to fire the competition.
Oh. Uh…
Certainly. Uh…
Oh. um…
Lord Napier has said he will marry.
He is rather handsome.
But also exceptionally dull.
unfortunately.
Ah… Who else?
Mr. Frye might be eligible.
If one squints.
- What of him?
- Baron Hamilton.
Not nearly rich enough. I fear.
Is there anyone here
worthy of my interest?
Um…
Coming through.
Has anyone seen Mr. Bridgerton?
- Good evening. ladies.
- Good evening.
Mr. Bridgerton.
Thank you.
Benedict.
Hello. Mother.
You are two hours late. yet again.
- You were meant to chaperone Eloise.
- I have been here.
Perhaps you did not recognize me
in my mask.
I do not believe that we are serving gin.
and yet I can smell it all over you.
Good to see nothing has changed here.
Eloise!
How is it you are the one late and rumpled
when I traveled from the Highlands?
I had to go
to my bachelor lodgings to change.
Are timeliness and neatness
not old-fashioned?
- Same old Benedict.
- Perhaps not tonight.
Tonight we can be anyone we want.
Well. if by anyone you mean someone
who will speak to those debutantes…
- Mother!
- I have planned this carefully.
Your very presence here implies to the ton
that you are back in society.
Now you must make it a fact
by speaking with the debutantes.
- I have only just--
- Debutantes.
Now.
Good evening. ladies.
You all look exceptionally lovely tonight.
Mr. Bridgerton.
your disguise tonight is superb.
Is it?
And yet you recognize me immediately.
Well. I could discern
the Bridgerton build from anywhere.
You brothers do all look so much alike.
Ah.
Yes.
You are number two. Yes.
That is my name.
And yet you are the last unmarried.
Have you any thoughts
of that ever changing?
You must not forget about Gregory. Mm?
In fact. are you quite certain
I am not him?
There… There-- There is Mr. Lewis.
He might be a catch. but. um…
he tends to smell. so…
Lady Bridgerton.
Oh…
Lady Penwood.
- Welcome.
- It is a fine evening.
Oh. indeed.
We have not seen much of you lately.
No. I have absented myself from society
since my husbands' deaths.
The first and the second.
- Husbands. that is.
- Of course.
Viscount Li and then the Earl of Penwood.
I am so sorry for your losses.
And are these your daughters?
They are.
They have recently made their debuts.
May I present my daughter.
Miss Rosamund Li.
It is a fine evening.
And this is Miss Posy.
I am very much enjoying your party.
You are most kind.
How are your children?
Oh. very well. thank you.
Anthony is off in India with his bride.
Colin and Penelope…
Do you think you will succeed this season?
Excuse me?
In persuading your second son
to take a wife.
I… cannot say.
Well. you know how young men are.
So unpredictable. Well. please.
Enjoy yourselves.
Did you study
your miniatures this morning?
Mm.
There he is.
He is so handsome.
Do not be shallow.
What matters most is his surname.
There are rumors of rakish behavior. but
everyone knows reformed rakes
make the best husbands.
Cheers.
Do you think the fairy
with Lord Arliss is his mistress?
He'd have to be rather bold to bring her
right under the nose of Her Majesty.
And his wife.
I had thought that the news
of Lord Arliss bringing his mistress
would be the most scandalous gossip
I would overhear from the wall.
But Miss Eloise Bridgerton
eagerly chatting with debutantes
is the most scandalous news of all.
Why is Penelope Bridgerton
keeping to the wall to begin with?
Penelope Bridgerton is not.
but Whistledown is.
The Queen insists on
great gossip this year.
Then I am surprised you have not had
Lady Whistledown write about Benedict.
She is looking for a gentleman
to champion this year.
The last thing this family needs
is for her to choose Benedict.
She will never win.
which will outrage her. and your mother…
My mother will explode
and burst into flames
at the feet of an outraged monarch.
For your sake. I do hope you've overheard
something better on the wall. Hm.
I'd thought that after last season
you had your fill of pretending
to be engaging with debutantes.
I do not pretend.
Pen. there may not have been
enough people in Scotland.
but time spent amidst so much
astounding natural beauty
did give me considerable time to reflect.
and what I realize is
that there is no need
for me to antagonize suitors
or debutantes.
I can be entirely pleasant to all.
It matters not.
because I have made a decision.
I am on the shelf.
You? On the shelf?
- Oh!
- Here we are.
- Why. thank you.
- Here.
How are you?
What if we were to stay for the season?
What about Scotland?
What about… your cousin?
Yeah. I noticed the two of you kept your
distance from one another this summer.
Which is understandable.
We are newlyweds. and yet we began
our married life together in a home
that Michaela considers hers
as much as ours.
Perhaps I should have thought of that
before suggesting it.
We will eventually return to Scotland.
but I should like to make
a contribution to Parliament this year.
We could set up Kilmartin House.
make it just ours.
and you can be closer to your family.
Yes. I would love it. Thank you.
- Benedict Bridgerton is here.
- He is?
Oh my. I think he's my favorite
of all the brothers.
Wait. which one is he again?
Mr. Bridgerton. a moment.
Mr. Bridgerton! Mr. Bridgerton. over here!
Pardon me. young lady.
Could I trouble you for the next dance?
Uh. sir…
You see. I would love to.
but I have misplaced my dance card.
Oh… That is unlucky.
Lord Napier. forgive me for interrupting.
I have just found
this young lady's dance card.
But unfortunately. my name is up next.
That is true.
What is your name?
Why did you rescue me?
It is rare to see someone
beaming with joy at one of these things.
It is positively spilling out of you.
I'll have you know I was doing rather well
fending off the gentleman on my own.
Does he not possess
the qualities you seek?
Qualities?
In a suitor.
Oh. I am not looking for a husband.
You are not?
No.
Huh.
Excuse me. I am meant to be somewhere.
- Have I offended you?
- Oh. no.
- I do not mean to pry.
- Do not concern yourself.
- Have you lost your chaperone?
- No…
- Is it that we've met?
- No. I… I cannot dance.
That is the truth. I cannot… dance.
A lady who cannot dance?
Huh.
Is this a part of the character
you are playing tonight?
A silver ingénue?
You have seen through me.
Clearly. this is my first masquerade.
and what role are you playing?
Evidently. that of your dancing master.
Ah.
As much as we are
all pretending here tonight.
the ton might be bewildered
by the sight of us
conducting dance lessons
in the center of the ballroom.
Well. there is always the private terrace.
I mean nothing untoward.
I am simply avoiding my mother.
Of course. I could ask for a chaperone
if it would make you comfortable.
- Surely there is a maid nearby.
- I shall have to trust you for tonight.
What of him?
Um… Must he be kind?
Of course.
Mm. Then no.
He is a fine choice.
Oh…
No. Uh. that is Benedict Bridgerton.
Your Majesty.
Excellent.
He is rich. handsome. and a Bridgerton.
But… perhaps there are other gentlemen.
We have talked enough.
Oh…
Pardon me a moment. Could you…
Thank you.
Ow!
That is my arm.
You are mistaken.
Right.
Excuse me.
A clever attempt. but I would recognize
my busybody sister anywhere.
No one else will ever know
who I am in the mask.
Please… can I have
just one dance with a suitor?
One dance will be your last
if Mama gets so much as an inkling
that you are in attendance.
Upstairs.
I wish you had stayed in Scotland.
Looking for me. I hope?
It is certainly
a pleasant surprise to find you.
Lord Anderson. thank you for attending.
Pleasure to be had. Lady Bridgerton.
Shall we approach?
She did make quite the compliment
for our ball last season.
Do you remember what she said?
Not bad.
She likes us. And Lady Danbury is there.
Let us present ourselves.
Mr. and Mrs. Mondrich. Your Majesty.
Your Majesty.
Where is that Bridgerton boy?
I'm sorry.
Are you enjoying the party. Your Majesty?
Like the Greeks.
your torch has been passed.
Lady Bridgerton has hosted the first ball.
and I have graced it.
You are welcome.
Indeed. and I am most grateful
you chose to attend.
I hope next time
Mr. Bridgerton will show more of his face.
Or the other gentlemen
need to be more interesting.
Where is the fun?
I would like for you and me
to enjoy ourselves this season.
In fact. on that. Your Majesty.
I have been meaning to speak with you.
There is a reason I handed over
the first ball of the season.
I am…
I am considering playing less of a part
in society this year.
As you know. I have contributed much
to society and to our young couples.
and I have enjoyed it deeply.
And your friendship.
It has been the honor of my life
that you chose me.
I treasure every moment.
But
it is time.
I…
long to travel…
to visit my ancestral home.
I have not been there
since I was four years old.
So.
I would like to leave
at the end of this season.
Of course. you and I shall write.
and I will be back for visits.
but I am leaving.
I…
should like to leave.
For a time.
No.
Thank you.
Are you laughing at me?
No.
No. it is all just so…
It is a spectacular night.
Hm.
You are not like the other young ladies.
It is a relief.
What is wrong with the other young ladies?
Well…
I am only…
They are…
Constantly pursuing you?
While I can imagine
that is taxing for you.
you must remember that those young ladies
have spent their entire lives
preparing for the pursuit.
Hundreds of hours acquiring
their accomplishments. endless fittings.
not to mention the three hours alone
it takes to do up their hair
for the five or six hours
they will be at this ball.
All in the hope
that you might simply notice them.
Them?
Are you not also hoping to be noticed?
Truly?
Truly.
I am merely hoping to enjoy myself.
And you seem to be very much.
Or… not?
It is a lovely evening. but in truth I…
cannot help but feel a little
out of place at a society function.
How can that be true?
Perhaps I feel more comfortable
appreciating the details
of an event than I do participating.
Well. do not worry.
I will not tell my mother.
Your mother?
So this is your home. then.
which… makes you a Bridgerton?
Wh…
- You really did not know who I am?
- Not until now.
Well?
- If I cannot have your name. you cannot--
- Benedict. I presume.
You are just as Whistledown describes.
both in appearance and nature.
You know me from Whistledown
but not from society?
You are at a ball but cannot dance.
and you are singularly self-possessed.
and yet you do not feel as if you fit in?
Who are you? Where did you grow up?
Here. In England.
- City or countryside?
- Between the two.
- Who are your parents?
- Mother and Father.
You have managed not to tell me
a single thing about yourself.
Is that something you do?
Put all the attention on others
so no one might see beneath your surface?
Sometimes it is easier
to stay in shallow water.
Warmer. More pleasant.
I like warm and pleasant.
It is dull to swim in the same waters
day after day. even if they are warm and…
pleasant.
Will you not wade out deeper with me?
Well. while your point is well-taken
about the efforts made
by tonight's young ladies.
I cannot help but feel their pursuit
has very little to do with me.
So. perhaps the reason
I stay in shallow water
is that I too feel like an imposter.
But this is your family home.
Even more so here.
I believe I still owe you a dance lesson.
Why me?
Why is it that you wish to dance with me?
Uh. because I am a mere mortal.
and I do not question
what the dance card tells me to do.
Very well.
First. we bow.
Then…
you put your hand in mine.
Now you move a little closer.
Then…
a simple box step.
Mm.
Mm-mm.
- Oh…
- Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
One.
two.
three.
One.
two. three.
One. two. three. Good.
You are quite the teacher.
And you are quite the pretend student.
Oh! Oh. forgive me.
Do not worry. Please. do not worry.
My sisters have done far worse.
One. two. three.
…two. three.
One. two…
Mm. Impressive.
Dancing already with your eyes closed.
I am trying to remember this moment
exactly. so that if I wish…
I can escape here.
You are perhaps the most intriguing person
I have ever met.
If I can't know your name
or where you live.
however am I meant
to call on you tomorrow?
That will not be possible.
Mmm…
A silver ingénue
who can never be seen again.
Oh. we should not.
We should not what?
Please tell me your name.
What does it mean?
Well. it is midnight.
Time for everyone to reveal themselves.
including you. at last.
I must go. My…
My chaperone will be looking for me.
Please. do not leave.
Wait!
- I can whisk you out of here. if you like.
- I shall have to face everyone eventually.
That's her.
Penelope Bridgerton.
Oh. Ooh…
Excuse me.
Watch where you are going.
That is Lady Whistledown.
Go and make it known
that there is a diamond here tonight.
Mrs. Bridgerton. Miss Rosamund Li.
I am pleased to make your acquaintance.
- Wonderful to meet you all.
- Hello.
Oh. Hello.
Benedict. how are you?
It has been an age since I have seen you.
I must go.
Well. how was it?
Well. tell me everything.
Something.
Did you enjoy yourself?
It was the most extraordinary night
of my life.
It was…
They are here.
I've set everything exactly
as you would've done it.
You have nothing to worry about.
Sophie Baek.
Thank you.
Both of you. I cannot thank you enough.
Oh.
How horrible it is
to be on one's feet all night.
There is nothing so taxing
as being a debutante.
It is better than sitting at home.
Sophie.
You must have had a pleasurable evening.
My evening was like any other.
Then why is it that
you were not waiting here with our tea?
My apologies. ma'am.
Your beds have been turned down.
hairbrushes cleaned. nightwear readied.
and the tea is here for you now.
Please forgive the delay.
And how were your evenings?
Have you heard of such a thing as a toga?
I wish you could have seen…
Mr. Bridgerton showed
considerable interest in me.
Did he?
Or he will.
once his time is not monopolized
by that woman he was with.
I would not worry. Rosamund.
You are my daughter.
Whomever he was talking with tonight.
she cannot possibly compete.
You are excused. Sophie.
Your Majesty. um…
I really must tell you.
I do not think Benedict Bridgerton
is your pick for the season.
- But he is.
- Of course.
It is just… half of the young ladies
I observed tonight had their eyes on him.
and mamas are wondering
about his intention for the season.
but… I know Benedict.
Are you saying I do not?
I'm saying that…
of all the men of the ton.
I would wager that Benedict Bridgerton
is the least likely to marry.
The very least?
And you would wager on that?
Oh. well. I do not mean…
Um…
- When I said wager. I was--
- We have a wager. Yes.
How thrilling for us all.
Now.
how much are you willing
to settle on this bet?
- Looking for Benedict. I assume?
- Well. unfortunately. yes.
I fear he may have left early.
But you seemed to enjoy yourself tonight.
In fact. I did.
And I should continue to do so.
now that I can enjoy it from.
well. the shelf.
Which shelf. exactly?
The shelf. I've decided to be a spinster.
Oh. Eloise. that is not something
you simply get to decide.
It has been three seasons
since I've been out
with absolutely no prospects.
It is true. There are certain young ladies
who'd be considered on the shelf
if they have no prospects at your age.
but you'd surely have no trouble
securing a husband if you simply tried.
I do not want to try.
Well. you will.
once you meet the right gentleman.
I gave you
and Benedict free rein last season
because I had my hands full
with Colin and Francesca.
But this season. you are both
at the very top of my matchmaking list.
I think I shall go to bed now.
Hm.
There you are.
Mother.
I… I've only--
Thank you for speaking to the debutantes.
I could do with a rest myself.
There is so much enthusiasm
at the start of the season.
It was a tremendous evening.
Was it?
Have you taken an interest
in a young lady?
No.
Oh.
But… I can now respect
what they are all up against.
I mean. hundreds of hours of preparation.
all in the hope of simply…
being noticed.
You sound as if
you have been made a new man.
I will not say that.
In fact. I'm going out
for a few drinks tonight.
But I promise to be in bed
before the sun comes up.
Hyacinth Bridgerton.
go to bed this instant.
What harm can it do
for me to simply observe?
Did Eloise speak with you?
About what. exactly?
If anyone were holding out hope…
You come here. young lady.
…that Benedict Bridgerton
would take a wife this season.
this author should make it known
that she does not wager it will happen.
But
believe what you might wish. dear reader.
this author knows best
that a small amount of make-believe
often has the power to remake reality.
to lift us up from the drudgery
of a humdrum existence.
With a little imagination.
the impossible seems possible.
Dreams seem tangible.
And yet. gentle readers.
one must eventually
wake up.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today